and this all started through the hobbit
with a group of friends to practice the
mountain biking with the passing of
years we realized that this could
be a training school we started to
work with children we follow and all the
priority of working with children and with
young people and what he started now is a
informative educational program
especially with children and with young people
of the retirement municipality
they invited me
and I saw that it was a beautiful experience
and I wanted to go back and we're happy
for example this school they were in
roadrunners I share many with
friends I also get many new ones and
calm down by being more and more athletic and
It is also very good for health
we benefit annually about 1000
people 120 of them are in the part
recreational and sports are distributed
in 5 groups that go children from 5
years
onwards
none of them pays a monthly payment
an inscription is not just me
get closer to the desire to ride
that are studying the child that is not
studying we can not have it if there is not
there is a good academic result
me encouraged me by my dear little friend
home and I talked with raise myself then
he has received me very cordially
I think the experience is very bacano
good because one does not always teach
to win to win and win but to know
lose teach you values ​​from very
low
We have 50 bicycles and helmets for
lend to children that they do not have is
simply what they do is they go to
do it here they take her bicycle and
after each training they have a
refreshment
I love challenges I love the
cycling i love to practice a sport
and it's not around without doing it
prayer we train twice a week
and every time he does not meet with everyone
It is very good up
so there is no there there is one that
decide in the next course
because they always have new things to
always teach us one learns everything
new
we have three programs the program the
love bike school donated 1600
bikes to peasant children so that
go to study can have recreation
and can have sport we have the part
recreational and competitive that is where
soon they identify us where we are
one of the largest schools that
has the country at this time we have
two boys based in italy so
generally 50 to 70 percent of the
Colombian elections are with
members of our corporation
my dad was a great runner and I wanted to
be like him being champion like him when
big wanted to travel and carve player
paris and I saw all the mattresses
a professional cyclist
I would like to also know
a good cyclist and to be able to get
much farther than our peers
they are in europe
we have a program that is the school of
bicycle mechanics
we have teachers who are also from
same club that teach us especially in
the bicycles
we have a productive project that is a
bicycle workshop and whoever is
better is learning a lot goes to the
workshop and start to win
a little money for what he does and already
you can hold one and it's in the study
and that following the vision
how I managed to reinforce all this work
social that we have in retirement thanks
to private enterprise among companies
who help us and the foundations
these Suarez this recognized company of
uniforms comes to help you from
two years ago through uniforms for
the children who are starting and also
with the good discounts in the
uniforms that we do competition
for a group of approximately 100
boys, this has been a fundamental pillar
to encourage our children and
Our youth
the main objective and the dream more
great that we have in roadrunners is
see these children turned into adults
useful to society that move forward
we go very far with all this and I'm
sure we will continue to train children
forming young people and having a better
society